
How can you couple human assertions of truth with their own verification
code?

What would procedurally generated UI look like in the HyperGraph

When a client requests an Object, it can check against the information
size included in the identifier to cancel the request.

checking if ids refer to real thing? Think about how Redis handles Keys

LEB128 or alternative?

Infinite sequences or sequences of indeterminate length (streams)

Breaking Up long sequences into multiple Nodes/Edges?

timestamps? agents? signing nodes / edges?

Node information self describing encodings. multiformats?

Look into lisp/clojure/racket

Indexing Content

Computations as objects, Verification of Computation.

From the existing world of DLTs: ETH, Holochain, Scuttlebutt.

The interface of meaning between man and machine as the signature of a
function. Or maybe more generally as the naming of information?

An ego check button in social media.

Somebody give DMT to Jeff Bezos? lol

How do we build in love into the internet?

Lets get in touch with Tim Burners-Lee: contract@webfoundation.org

I'm thinking about making my personal wiki / todos and calendar public,
minus info about my friends and family. It would be interesting to
explore that boundary between privacy and transparency. I guess Its easy
for me to say this now, but if this project takes off then that boundary
is important.


Would a browser extension be useful? Certainly in the transition of the
web to the new web, that may play a part. Like MetaMask for Ethereum. It
would be cool to be able to select a specific piece of info on the web
(like highlight particular text) and reference it as a source. Or taking
a snapshot of a webpage as you see it now (like the internet archive,
that seems like a fundamental function of the web). Or a feature to
provide context to the old web.


When thinking about Human Computer Interfaces, Its interesting to think
about the configurations: Human - Human, Human - Machine - Human,
Machine - Machine, Human - Machine, Human - Human - Human, etc

There is a spectrum between natural language and formal language.

There is a spectrum between entertainment and the spiritual pursuit of
Truth. What would a bridge between natural language and formal language
look like?

You can throw a frisbee with your eyes closed, but you must catch with
your eyes open. What does this say about giving a platform to people? Is
it ok to allow individuals to broadcast to millions of people with their
eyes closed? How can we make people see the reprecussions of their
actions on the web?

Ownership over meaning (owned names) as descendants of a privileged
merkle tree root. We have to challenge this idea that names have to be
global. Is Search and Traverse not sufficient? SEO becomes Memetics.

Do an analysis of https://ahrefs.com/blog/most-visited-websites/

The watcher.js file reminds me of life in the way it replicates itself.
The Code is DNA. Each new child process runs on the mutated DNA. mutated
by me, the programmer. What does it mean for parent processes to spawn
child processes? What does it mean for processes to kill their children?
What are the ethics of programs terminating? Should a process have write
access to its own code?

We can work on Decentralized Autonomous Organizations (I've taken a
pretty good look at AragonDAO as part of a HackMoney Hackathon Project
called <a href="https://github.com/carboclan/hip">$HIP</a>), or we can
do away with organizations all-together. Do we need organizations for
human beings to work together harmoniously? Could we build an economic
system predicated on total individual sovereignty?

To defeat the filter bubbles and echo chambers, we need to get all the
outside the box thinkers, put them inside a box and shake the box
violently.
